{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green46\blue57;\red255\green255\blue255;\red62\green62\blue62;
\red21\green163\blue221;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid302\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid402\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid403\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Project Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 For this project, you will create a data visualization from a data set that tells a story or highlights trends or patterns in the data. You will need to use either {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dimplejs.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 dimple.js}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://d3js.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 d3.js}} to create the visualization. Your work should be a reflection of the theory and practice of data visualization, such as visual encodings, design principles, and effective communication.\
Prepare for this project with: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud507-nd"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Data Visualization}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs40 \cf2 \strokec2 Note\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 If you have successfully completed the project for the Data Visualization course in the past (which entails having graduated from the course and having access to your course certificate), simply email us at dataanalyst-project@udacity.com with your passing evaluation and we'll give you credit for this project.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs40 \cf2 \strokec2 What do I need to install?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 To work on your data visualization, you will need to start a local server on your computer. To start a local web server, you will need to have {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.python.org/downloads/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Python 2.7.8 or higher}} installed on your machine.\
If you do not have Python installed on your machine, please watch the instructions for{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/ud036/lessons/990110642/concepts/10079185810923"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Downloading Python}}. These instructions come from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.udacity.com/course/ud036"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Programming Foundations with Python}}course.\
Once you have Python installed, you can start a local web server and view your data visualization. Refer to the following {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud507/l-3168988586/m-3063989000"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 video}} to see how to do so.\
Remember, you must start your web server in the top level directory to serve all code and data files. If you do not use this folder as the root directory for the web server, be aware that you will need to change the file paths.\
There are other ways to start a local web server. To learn more about why you need to start a local web server and other ways of setting up a local web server, please read {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://chimera.labs.oreilly.com/books/1230000000345/ch04.html#_setting_up_a_web_server"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Setting Up A Local Web Server}} from Scott Murray's book, Interactive Data Visualization for the Web.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs40 \cf2 \strokec2 Why this Project?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 This project will touch on the overarching attitudes and beliefs important to effective data visualization, such as:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 visualization is a dialog\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 showcasing and sharing visualization with others\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 visualization is a fluid process that typically requires multiple iterations of improvements\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 You will have an opportunity to experience the end-to-end process of creating effective data visualizations and highlighting important information from data that may otherwise be hidden or hard to uncover.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs40 \cf2 \strokec2 What will I learn?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 After completing the project, you will be able to:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Demonstrate the ability to choose optimal visual elements to encode data and critically assess the effectiveness of the visualization\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Communicate a story or finding to the appropriate audience using interactive visualizations\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Undergo the iterative process of creating a visualization, and build interactive visualizations with dimple.js or d3.js.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Why is this Important to my Career?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 Data analyst are storytellers that can translate data findings that other people can easily understand. They view data visualization as an important form of communication.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\partightenfactor0
\cf4 If you, as a data analyst, can create visualizations to explore data, articulate clear findings to drive business decisions, or use data to elicit consensus from diverse perspectives, then you will be a deeply invaluable member on your team.\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs40 \cf2 \strokec2 How do I Complete this Project?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 This project is connected to the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.udacity.com/course/viewer#!/c-ud507-nd"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Data Visualization}} course, but depending on your background knowledge of data visualization, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dimplejs.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 dimple.js}}, and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://d3js.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 d3.js}} you may not need to take the whole course to complete this project.\
After completing Lesson 2 and Problem Set 2 of the course, you will be able to complete this project since you will have learned about dimple.js.\
If you want to become more technical and expand your skill set, you can continue to Lesson 3 and Lesson 4, in which you will learn more about narrative structures and how to create graphics using d3.js. The d3.js library has a steeper learning curve, and we encourage you to take on the challenge if you desire.\
The process for evaluating your project is not affected by your choice of using {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dimplejs.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 dimple.js}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://d3js.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 d3.js}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 Introduction\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 For the final project, you will create an 
\b explanatory
\b0  data visualization from a data set that communicates a clear finding or that highlights relationships or patterns in a data set. Your work should be a reflection of the theory and practice of data visualization, and you must use either{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dimplejs.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 dimple.js}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://d3js.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 d3.js}}.\
We will provide some options of data sets to explore; however, you may choose to explore an entirely different data set. You should be aware that finding your own data set and cleaning it using Python, R, or some other language can take considerable time and effort. This can add as much as a day, a week, or even months to your project so embark on the adventure to find and clean a data set if you are truly prepared with programming and data wrangling skills.\
You have three options for this project. You should pick an option based on your prior experience with data munging and exploratory data analysis. The option you choose will not affect the evaluation of the project.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Option 1
\b0  \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Select one of the beginner data sets, which already has a summary of findings, from the{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w7KhqotVi5eoKE3I_AZHbsxdr-NmcWsLTIiZrpxWx4w/pub?embedded=true"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Data Set Options}} document. Then, create a visualization that communicates the findings.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Option 2
\b0  \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Select one of the intermediate data sets from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w7KhqotVi5eoKE3I_AZHbsxdr-NmcWsLTIiZrpxWx4w/pub?embedded=true"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Data Set Options}} document. You will investigate the data set to share a story or message about the data and then create a suitable visualization.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Option 3
\b0  \cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Find a data set, investigate it, and share your findings in a visualization. Your final graphic should primarily be explanatory, but it may also contain exploratory components. You can find a list of recommended websites to find data sets in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w7KhqotVi5eoKE3I_AZHbsxdr-NmcWsLTIiZrpxWx4w/pub?embedded=true"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Data Set Options}} document. You should be aware that finding your own data set, cleaning the data set, and analyzing it (using R, iPython Notebook, or another tool) can take considerable time and effort. This can lengthen the time you spend on your project by days, weeks, or even months. Choose the option only if you feel prepared for a challenge!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Now, on to the details!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 Step One - Choose a Data Set\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 First, you will choose a data set from the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/document/d/1w7KhqotVi5eoKE3I_AZHbsxdr-NmcWsLTIiZrpxWx4w/pub?embedded=true"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Data Set Options}} document or find a data set to explore and visualize. You should choose a data set based on your prior experiences in programming and working with data. The data set you choose will not increase or decrease your chances of passing this project.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 Step Two - Get Organized\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 Eventually you\'92ll want to submit your project and share it. If you are familiar with {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 GitHub}}, we encourage you to create a public repository or a public {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gist.github.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Gist}} for your project to track changes. Otherwise, you need to create the following files.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 an 
\b index.html
\b0  file containing the code to create your visualization (you may include the JavaScript and CSS in this file or separate them in other files)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 a 
\b README.md
\b0  file that includes four sections...\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1
\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Summary
\b0  - in no more than 4 sentences, briefly introduce your data visualization and add any context that can help readers understand it\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Design
\b0  - explain any design choices you made including changes to the visualization after collecting feedback\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Feedback
\b0  - include all feedback you received from others on your visualization from the first sketch to the final visualization\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Resources
\b0  - list any sources you consulted to create your visualization\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 data files\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1
\b0 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 the final data set used to create the visualization (usually .csv, .tsv, or .json file)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 a codebook or other files related to the data set (description, readme, license)\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 OPTIONAL FOLDERS IF YOU USE {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 GITHUB\
}}\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl1
\b \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 data
\b0  folder to include all the data related files\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 js
\b0  folder to include .js files (not needed if javascript is in the index.html file)\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl1
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 css
\b0  folder to include .css files (not needed if CSS is in the index.html file)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Step Three - Find a Data Story\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 Explore your data set and craft a message or story around your data! Think about the overall message you want to convey and think about the comparison(s) or relationship(s) you want your readers to see.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 Step Four - Create Your Visualization\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 First, sketch ideas for your visualization. Once you settle on a sketch, explain any design choices in that sketch, such as chart type, visual encodings, and layout, in the 
\b Design
\b0  section of the
\b README.md
\b0  file. Then, write code to create your visualization using either {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://dimplejs.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 dimple.js}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://d3js.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 d3.js}}. The visualization must include animation, interaction, or both. See the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/3184238632/rubric"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Project Rubric}} for more information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 Step Five - Get Feedback\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 Share your visualization with 
\b at least 3 other people
\b0  and document their feedback. There are many ways to get feedback, and more feedback is generally better! Here are some options.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Share your visualization with others in person and have them think aloud as they read and explore the graphic so you can document what stands out to them and how they interpret the graphic.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Share a link to your repository in the discussions and ask others to share constructive criticisms. Be sure to offer advice to others who are seeking feedback too!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Create and share a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gist.github.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Gist}}, which contains an 
\b index.html
\b0  file, data file, and any .js or .css files). Directions for creating and sharing a Gist can be found at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bl.ocks.org/"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 http://bl.ocks.org/}}.\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl1
\b \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Box Plots Gist EXAMPLE
\b0 :\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl2
\b \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://gist.github.com/mbostock/4061502"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 https://gist.github.com/mbostock/4061502}}
\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\ls5\ilvl2
\b \cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/4061502"}}{\fldrslt \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec5 http://bl.ocks.org/mbostock/4061502}}
\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 You might need to ask specific questions to prompt the reader. Here are some questions to help you. You can, of course, ask others.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 What do you notice in the visualization?\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 What questions do you have about the data?\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 What relationships do you notice?\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 What do you think is the main takeaway from this visualization?\cb1 \
\ls6\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Is there something you don\'92t understand in the graphic?\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Step Six - Document Feedback and Improve the Visualization\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 For each person that gives you feedback, add the person\'92s feedback to your 
\b README.md
\b0  file in the 
\i Feedback
\i0  section. As you improve and iterate on your visualization, update your code 
\b AND
\b0 describe any changes in the 
\i Design
\i0  section of the 
\b README.md file
\b0 .\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb3 You should save multiple versions of your data visualization after you make changes to it. You can do this using GitHub or a Gist by making commits to your project, or you can simply save multiple version of you data visualization such as index1.html, index2.html, \'85 , index_final.html. Remember to save related files with similar numbers\'85\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl510\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 main1.js, main2.js, \'85 , main_final.js (if you separate your Javascript from the HTML file)\cb1 \
\ls7\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 style1.css, style2.css, \'85 , style_final.css (if you separate your styling from the HTML file)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\sa300\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 When should you save your files? You should save your files whenever you have a working version of your data visualization. If you get feedback and make changes, then wait to save the file until you have the data visualization working as you want it. Your goal is to build evidence that you have shared your visualization, received feedback, and responded to that feedback. You will need to submit the different versions of your visualization. 
\b At a minimum, you need to submit an initial version of your data visualization (either as a sketch or as code) and the final index.html file and related files.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa100\partightenfactor0

\b\fs36 \cf2 \strokec2 Step Seven - Review\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl510\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs30 \cf4 \strokec4 Use the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://review.udacity.com/#!/projects/3184238632/rubric"}}{\fldrslt 
\b \cf5 \strokec5 Project Rubric}} to review your project. If you are happy with your submission, then you\'92re ready to submit your project. If you see room for improvement, keep working to improve your project!\
}